DOC Document new class_description and deprecated DBEnum::flushCache() (#626)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/5.4.0.md

- Reports list is now paginated
- [`Description`](api:SilverStripe\Reports\Report::description()) is now displayed in the list as a column

### New `class_description` configuration on `DataObject` {#class-description}

[`SiteTree`](api:SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree) and [`BaseElement`](api:DNADesign\Elemental\Models\BaseElement) both seperately implemented a `description` configuration property which was used to describe the purpose of a given subclass. For `SiteTree` this is used when creating a new page in the CMS. For `BaseElement` this is used in the elemental blocks report. In both cases the purpose is the same - it provides additional context about the intended use case for a given subclass.

> We've now implemented this concept in `DataObject` directly with the new [`DataObject.class_description`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject->class_description) configuration property. It is now considered best practice to add a description of `DataObject` subclasses using this configuration. You can use the new [`DataObject::classDescription()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject::classDescription()) and [`DataObject::i18n_classDescription()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject::i18n_classDescription()) methods if you need a description of any `DataObject` class. Those methods already existed on `SiteTree` but have been moved up the hierarchy so they can be called on any `DataObject` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've now implemented this concept in `DataObject` directly with the new [`DataObject.class_description`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject->class_description) configuration property. It is now considered best practice to add a description of `DataObject` subclasses using this configuration. You can use the new [`DataObject::getClassDescription()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject::getClassDescription()) and [`DataObject::getI18nClassDescription()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\DataObject::getI18nClassDescription()) methods if you need a description of any `DataObject` class.
```

Reviewer 2: Conversation about this will be held in https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-framework/pull/11461#discussion_r1839344166

> For now this is only used in the same places that used to use the deprecated configuration, but future minor releases are likely to broaden the scope of its usage.

Reviewer 2: I could see it being used as a tooltip when hovering over elemental blocks in the "Add new block" list and added to the `GridFieldAddNewMultiClass` component in gridfield extensions at the very least.

As a part of this change, the [`SiteTree.description`](api:SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree->description) and [`BaseElement.description`](api:DNADesign\Elemental\Models\BaseElement->description) configuration properties are now deprecated. Use `class_description` instead.

> The `SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree.DESCRIPTION` localisation key (along with the `.DESCRIPTION` suffix for any `SiteTree` subclass) is also deprecated - use `SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree.CLASS_DESCRIPTION` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't "deprecate" translation keys?

Reviewer 2: I literally did though, see the framework PR. The code in CMS 6 won't be using the old key, it'll be using a new key. So the old key is therefore deprecated.

We don't have a _policy_ about how or when to deprecate those, sure. but SiteTree is such a high traffic class that it feels appropriate to give notice about this one.

Reviewer: Agree offline to remove the translation deprecation notices

Reviewer 2: We didn't discuss the changelog in that discussion.
I'd like to still mention it in the changelog, though I'm okay with not using the word "deprecated".

Reviewer 2: Updated to not use "deprecated" language
